# Angular NgRx Getting Started: Changes to the project files

- April 12, 2022: This code was modified to bump up the minor version number of jasmine-core (to 3.8) and karma-jasmine-html-reporter (to 1.6.2) as they were causing issues with `npm install`.

- June 30, 2020: This code and associated course were modified to Angular version 9 (v9) and NgRx version 9 (v9). Changes include:

  - File changes as generated by the v9 Angular CLI.
  
  - Updated to NgRx v9. This update **does** include action creators, reducer creators, and effect creators.
  
  - Turned on the new strictTemplates flag.
  
  - For details on the complete list of course changes, see: ["Angular NgRx: Getting Started Update for version 9"](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qXHFxJKsHaYEE9BKO3ol4ONNbTH-tBiHl8BJ_f3neR4/edit?usp=sharing)
  
- September 2, 2019: This code was modified to Angular version 8 (v8). Changes include:

  - File changes as per generated by the v8 Angular CLI

  - New v8 syntax for lazy loading for stronger typing

  - Update to the arguments passed to the Observable subscribe method since the subscribe signatures that take multiple parameters are being deprecated. The current recommended technique is to pass in an Observer object or a single function.

  - Minor changes to pass latest linting rules

  - Addition of four runtime checks as part of the `StoreModule.forRoot` to guide developers following NgRx core concepts and best practices. These are currently commented out, but available by uncommenting them and instead commenting out the `StoreModule.forRoot` with no second argument. When they are commented out, you may see a warning about them in the browser console.

  - This update does **NOT** include action creators, reducer creators, and effect creators. They will be coming in a later update.
